#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    make upgrade
#
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
asgiref==3.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
attrs==22.1.0
    # via pytest
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
certifi==2022.6.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   edx-toggles
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage[toml]==6.4.4
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==37.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwt
ddt==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-crum
    #   django-model-utils
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
    #   jsonfield
django-config-models==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-model-utils==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
django-simple-history==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-waffle==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
djangorestframework==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-yasg==1.21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
edx-api-doc-tools==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-celeryutils==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-utils==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
edx-drf-extensions==8.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-opaque-keys==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-toggles==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   pyjwkest
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   coreschema
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
mock==4.0.3
    # via -r requirements/test.in
newrelic==8.0.0.179
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pytest
pbr==5.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==5.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwkest
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pyjwt[crypto]==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pymongo==3.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   packaging
pytest==7.1.3
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
python-slugify==6.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
pytz==2022.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   pyjwkest
ruamel-yaml==0.17.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
